README.md, before:

# Official Community maintained Pwnagotchi Wiki

Hello and welcome to Pwnagotchi Wiki, official repo/wikipage maintained by Pwnagotchi Community.

Please [head over to the Wiki section](https://github.com/pwndevelopers/community-wiki/wiki).

# Contributing
If you wish to contribute, please contact us, ideally on [Discord](https://discord.gg/PgaU3Vp) in channel "pwnrojects > Community Wiki" with your GitHub username/email/profile link, so we can add you to the writers team. After that, you can start contributing. On that same Discord server (in the same channel), you can discuss your thing with the others, get help and more guidance.

## Styling
This wiki is **community** based and maintained, that means it is in **your own** interest to keep is a high quality as possible, provide accurate, objective information and quality screenshots. 

We want the text to be as professional and unbiased as possible, but there is always room for some banter, just keep it civil. 

Divide your writings into paragraphs, and split the text using headings where appropriate. Use _styling_ **where** `acceptable` and needed. Familiarise yourself with [Markdown](https://docs.github.com/en/get-started/writing-on-github/getting-started-with-writing-and-formatting-on-github). If you happen to stumble upon a topic in your writing, that is quite comprehensive and extensice, consider creating completely new page for it, and linking that, so the guide won't be as long as the Great Chinese Wall. Few example guides to look at are [here](https://github.com/pwndevelopers/community-wiki/wiki/Building-your-first-budget-Pwnagotchi-using-RPi-0-W)...

Feel free to contribute to the wiki, or contact us on our [Discord server](https://discord.gg/PgaU3Vp)

Commit message:

Split contribution guide, edit readme

README.md, after:

# Official Community maintained Pwnagotchi Wiki

Hello and welcome to Pwnagotchi Wiki, official repo/wikipage maintained by Pwnagotchi Community.

Please [head over to the Wiki section](https://github.com/pwndevelopers/community-wiki/wiki).

# Contributing
Please see [Contributing guide](CONTRIBUTING.md)

# Index
This section contains Wiki's index, with links to all approved and published articles.
--- TBA ---

## Styling
This wiki is **community** based and maintained, that means it is in **your own** interest to keep is a high quality as possible, provide accurate, objective information and quality screenshots. 

We want the text to be as professional and unbiased as possible, but there is always room for some banter, just keep it civil. 

Divide your writings into paragraphs, and split the text using headings where appropriate. Use _styling_ **where** `acceptable` and needed. Familiarise yourself with [Markdown](https://docs.github.com/en/get-started/writing-on-github/getting-started-with-writing-and-formatting-on-github). If you happen to stumble upon a topic in your writing, that is quite comprehensive and extensice, consider creating completely new page for it, and linking that, so the guide won't be as long as the Great Chinese Wall. Few example guides to look at are [here](https://github.com/pwndevelopers/community-wiki/wiki/Building-your-first-budget-Pwnagotchi-using-RPi-0-W)...

Feel free to contribute to the wiki, or contact us on our [Discord server](https://discord.gg/PgaU3Vp)
